Improve Documentation: Learn the Basics (#110)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/using/cudaq/variational.rst

function parameters at the current iteration and the modifiable gradient
vector reference, respectively. For gradient-free optimizers, the second 
argument, :code:`double(const std::vector<double>&)`, can be dropped.
Optimizers are defined in the header :code:`<cudaq/optimizers.h>` and 

> gradients in :code:`<cudaq/gradints.h>`.

Reviewer: typo on `<cudaq/gradients.h>`

        return cost;
      });

> CUDA Quantum wraps the above code up for the variational quantum eigensolver algorithm in 

Reviewer 2: Maybe "re-exports" would be a more precise verb here?

Author: I'm not a native English speaker, I just tripped over the formulation when reading it for the first time. I was reading "CUDA Quatnum packages" as the noun. So I'm open to any suggestions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CUDA Quantum provides the above code for the variational quantum eigensolver algorithm in 
```
I think this minor tweak will do the trick.
